# This Week  – March 27, 2025

A snapshot of my week in dev - Sailing, Syntax, and Security:

---

## ✦ Python syntax and language

Boring but relevant. The code lives in a GitHub repo with an equally boring name [`python_homework`](https://github.com/KaylaDefi/Python-Homework/tree/main).

---

## ✦ Trigonometric functions

Hopefully this makes me better at writing actual functions. #FIXME - INSERT Vector addition for sailing equation example. When sailing you can use vector addition in order to determine the speed and direction of the vessel, while considering the strength of the current drift, you can then know which direction you need to head despite the winds. 

FYI - I have never actually been sailing.

Currently moved on to geometry and measuring parabolas.

---

## ✦ Pseudocode for a (really cool secret) app 

I won't say too much for now, but I'm excited and dedicated to help bring this one to life and get it in app stores. Incorporates unique elements and perspectives. Learning to work with other devs. 

---

## ✦ MPC research

*"Universally Composable Security: A New Paradigm for Cryptographic Protocols"* by Ran Canetti. Important article to read "for fun". You can read it on [ePrint here](https://eprint.iacr.org/2000/067).

---

## ✦ Demo-trading crypto futures with margin

Good thing those shorts were only demos. Very risky strat. Critical thinking on futures contracts is a reoccuring theme. See also, crypto real estate futures. Nothing here is financial or legal advice, just doing my own research for the sake of computer science and the sake of writing contracts with code. 

---

## ✦ **Dev Logs from the Edge** emerges

There’s a new blog being developed after debating where to post this update. *Dev Logs from the Edge* is officially becoming its own section on my site (here we are). My thoughts move fast in order to keep up with the tech world, so sometimes writing them down is helpful to look back on. 

---

Until next time,  
**Kayla**

